PROB,ABOUT,SOLUTION
Heartburn:,"It's a burning feeling in the throat and chest when the stomach's contents move back up into the esophagus (the tube that moves food from the throat to the stomach). Heartburn is common during pregnancy. Hormone changes during pregnancy, combined with your growing belly, can make it easier for stomach acid to wash up into the throat.","Eat small, frequent meals (this will also help with morning sickness).Stay away from greasy or fried food, coffee, cola, and smoking (which you should avoid during pregnancy anyway).Eat slowly and chew your food well.Dont lie down for at least half an hour after meals.Prop up your head and shoulders while youre asleep.Try calcium carbonate, an antacid thats also used as a calcium supplement. Dont take more than the dose recommended on the package, and dont treat yourself with any other over-the-counter medications (including other antacids) before checking with your doctor or pharmacist."
Morning sickness:,"Nausea and vomiting in pregnancy, often known as morning sickness, is very common in early pregnancy. It can affect you at any time of the day or night, and some women feel sick all day long. Morning sickness is unpleasant, and for some women it can significantly affect their day-to-day life..As any pregnant woman knows, ""morning sickness"" should really be called ""all-day sickness."" It usually gets better after the first trimester, but an unlucky few suffer right up until they deliver their baby.","Have small, frequent meals. Dont let yourself get too hungry.Have small amounts of fluids several times a day. But dont drink fluids during or just before or after a meal.Before you get out of bed in the morning, eat a small nutritious snack like crackers or a granola bar (keep it by your bed), then rest in bed for 15 minutes.If certain scents or foods turn your stomach, steer clear! The most common offenders are fried, spicy, or fatty foods.If youre having trouble finding foods you can keep down, try bread, noodles, watermelon, crackers, cereal, mashed potatoes, clear soup, apple slices, pretzels, or pickles.Try having your food cold instead of hot to take away some of the smell.Try smelling lemons or ginger to calm your stomach.Have a few salty potato chips to ease nausea before your meal.Take your prenatal vitamin with food so it doesnt upset your stomach.Get plenty of rest and fresh air."
Fatigue:,"During early pregnancy, hormonal changes are likely the cause of fatigue. Your body is producing more blood to carry nutrients to your growing baby. Your blood sugar levels and blood pressure are also lower. Hormones especially increased progesterone levels, are responsible for making you sleepy Considering the enormous amount of work your body is doing right now, it's not unusual to feel completely exhausted.","The best solution: rest! Give yourself permission to get the sleep you need, even if this means adjusting your schedule and asking for help with household chores."
Frequent urination:,"What makes you need to pee more is often the increased amount of blood in your body. To process this blood flow, your kidneys need to produce extra fluids, which then end up in your bladder. Although peeing often during pregnancy is annoying, it's also a normal and common pregnancy symptom. In the first trimester, those frequent bathroom trips are due to the pregnancy hormone human chorionic gonadotropin (hCG), which causes increased urination. In the second trimester, you usually get a bit of a break from bathroom time. But in the third trimester, bathroom breaks are back with a vengeance as the growing uterus puts pressure on the bladder.","avoid caffeineavoid fluids in the early evening and before bedtime – drink more fluids during the rest of the day to make up for thisgo to the bathroom when you feel the urgewhen you urinate, lean forward to help the bladder empty more"
Constipation:,"Progesterone causes the muscles in your bowels to relax, allowing food to hang around longer in the digestive tract. During pregnancy, food moves more slowly through the body to give you a better chance to absorb nutrients. Iron supplements can also make you constipated.","eat high-fibre foods like fruit, vegetables, beans, and whole grainsget plenty of fluidsstay activego to the bathroom when you feel the urge – dont wait"
Sore back:,"During pregnancy, the ligaments in your body naturally become softer and stretch to prepare you for labour. This can put a strain on the joints of your lower back and pelvis, which can cause back pain .A growing uterus, a shifting center of gravity, and loosening ligaments add up to back pain for many pregnant women, especially in the third trimester.","Choose your shoes wisely. Opt for a low heel with good arch support.Lift with your legs, not your back. And dont lift heavy objects – ask for help.If you have to stand for a long time, put one foot up on a step stool or box.When picking things up, squat down and keep your back straight instead of bending from the waist.When getting up, roll onto your side first, then use your hands to push up.Apply a heating pad or ask for a back rub.Choose chairs with good lumbar support or put a little pillow behind the small of your back when sitting.Stay active – try water exercises and walking."
Stretch marks and itchy belly:," Stretch marks happen when your body grows faster than your skin can keep up with. This causes the elastic fibers just under the surface of the skin to break, resulting in stretch marks.itching on the stomach is normal in pregnancy. That happens because your belly skin stretches as you move ahead with your pregnancy. The stretching causes the surface to get dry, and the moisture-deprived skin tends to get itchy. It happens because of the hormonal changes occurring in your body","you can reduce your risk by trying to gain no more than a healthy amount of weight: 25 to 35 pounds (11 kg to 16 kg) for most women. Use lotion to keep your skin well hydrated and to avoid ""itchy belly."" After the baby is born, the stretch marks will likely fade."
Gestational diabetes:," This is a type of diabetes that starts during pregnancy and usually disappears after the birth. The first sign is usually a high result on a routine pregnancy blood sugar test, usually done between 24 and 28 weeks of pregnancy. Your doctor will do more detailed blood sugar tests to confirm it.Gestational diabetes increases the risk of having a large baby, a C-section, or very low blood sugar levels in the baby after birth. But it can be controlled to help keep both you and your baby healthy. ","You will need more frequent medical tests, such as blood sugar testing, ultrasounds, urine testing for protein, and blood pressure measurements.You will be asked to make some healthy diet changes and exercise more frequently.You may need to use insulin injections if your blood sugar cant be controlled by exercise and eating changes alone.Because women who had gestational diabetes during pregnancy are at a higher risk of diabetes later in life, your doctor will check your blood sugar about 6 weeks after the birth, and then yearly."
High blood pressure (pregnancy-induced hypertension):," Some women develop high blood pressure during their pregnancies. Usually this happens in the last trimester (the last 3 months), and usually goes away after the birth. It can increase the risk of certain complications for both mother and baby. It may limit the blood flow to the placenta, which means the baby gets less oxygen and nutrients. It can also cause serious problems for the mother, such as seizures or decreased blood flow to the vital organs. ","If you develop high blood pressure during your pregnancy, your doctor will test your blood pressure, weight, and urine frequently. You may need medication, bed rest, and healthy eating to get your blood pressure down. If you are close to the end of your pregnancy and your blood pressure is quite high, you may need to deliver your baby before your due date. Delivering the baby is the only way to cure high blood pressure of pregnancy."
